The thief's mission to the county seat is done
So happy
What about people?
Come to me
What the hell are you doing up there?
Scared to death
Didn't you ask me to fix the roof?
You fix the roof?
Then why didn't you fix it before?
I'm lazy
Then why did I ask you to fix it and you fixed it?
If you ask me to fix it or not
You'll have to come up and fix the roof yourself
You are so skinny
Underdeveloped limbs
At that time
It must have fallen from the beam.
I have to take care of you
I don't want to trouble myself.
I knew you weren't so kind
Get down here!
I bought you something nice. Why?
For me, yeah?
Didn't you fix the roof?
Earn your wages
Two bucks a pair.
So you went to the county seat and bought me a pair of shoes on purpose
I also bought a wedding wine for Lao Zhishu and Brother Hua Zi
Happy Candy
After all, they have helped us so much
Come down and see if it fits
Tonight we have eel porridge
This little spy actually found my shoes
I can't wear it anymore
That was pretty careful work.